Israel has just announced that the first
Israeli hostages will not now be
released until Friday at the earliest
the temporary ceasefire has been delayed
as well it was supposed to come into
effect at 10:00 tomorrow morning with
the first of 50 hostages released at
lunchtime but tonight Israel has said
that negotiations were continuing with
Hamas which is designated a terrorist
organization by the UK under the deal
they have been working on 50 of around
240 Israelis should be released from
Gaza around a dozen a day during a 4day
temporary ceasefire in return 150
Palestinian women and teenagers would be
released from Israeli prisoners prisons
our senior International correspondent
oliran reports and there are distressing
images from the
start a reminder of how all this began
on October 7th Hamas gun men storming
across the border from Gaza hunting
Israelis to kill or
capture around 240 were taken
hostage among them Sheree bias trying to
Shield her two little boys from the
horror all around
them 10-month-old cfir had just started
crawling Ariel who's four loves climbing
and Batman now they and their mother are
expected home in the coming days along
with dozens of other women and children
they don't know yet that Hamas killed
their
grandparents sher's cousin eat is caught
between hope and torment I don't know
what kind of children will come back to
us the trauma what they
saw
and until
I see them in my own eyes I don't
believe any lists of names and I don't
believe any news coming today from
anywhere I need to see them in my own
eyes I need to hold my cousin in my
arms but for many in Gaza just the
anguish of
goodbye Hassan haloa lost his niece
three brothers and his grandmother
relatives say they were killed by an
Israeli air strike on a residential
building Gaza is teeming with grief and
Desperation this was the struggle for a
few bottles of water the truce will
clear a path for hundreds of trucks
carrying food Fuel and medical
supplies
for now Gaza keeps burying its dead with
more than a hundred bodies in this Mass
grave the next few days may bring quiet
but Israel and Hamas have said that
after the truce the war will
resume or we have just heard a short
time ago that the hostages will not now
be released until Friday at the earliest
no temporary ceasefire until then either
what more can you tell us about this
delay
tonight well it's certainly a change
Sophie at the 11th Hour Israel was
gearing up for the release of hostages
as early as tomorrow morning now there
are conflicting reports here about what
has caused the setback as some claims
that Hamas hasn't actually ratified the
ceasefire agreement other reports that
it has not provided Israel with a list
of the hostages who were to be released
on the first day and that mechanism is
supposed to be part of the agreement now
a government Source has told me in the
last 10 minutes that they believe these
are relatively minor issues which need
to be ironed out and that they would be
ironed out tomorrow now that suggests
that things would be back on track on
Friday if that is the case but what we
can say for certain is that this will be
an awful blow to the families they've
been waiting almost 50 days hoping that
tomorrow was finally going to bring a
moment of Hope now back once again they
have to deal with uncertainty and I
think many of them will feel they will
only believe this deal is happening when
they see it